2022.1 release (#22)
Mte90/Contribute-to-opensource-the-right-way: manuscript/chapter2-philosophy.md

* Official Discord chat room (or where your community is)
* Public roadmap
* Predictable release cycles
* Welcoming community involvement in shaping new features and tackling technical debt
* Cultivating working relationships with wider ecosystems (like the techstack communities)

This list shows us how much is changed when everything started in the 70s with Unix, but at same time how many skills are required to manage a project with a community. Of course if you are looking for a first contribution it is more simple but is important to know that is not just the GitHub's Pull Request page.  

Before the last words of this chapter I want to leave this news, ['The US military wants to understand the most important software on Earth'](https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/07/14/1055894/us-military-sofware-linux-kernel-open-source/). As today cybersecurity but also awareness about digital security is day after day more important, the defense department of the USA is trying to understand what this means for the whole internet and their own infrastructure.  
The result of this question:  

* Open Source projects/communities need a higher level of care and respect

> * You can't have thrust on the codebase just is because OSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can't have thrust on the codebase just because it is OSS
```

* Code can be written by sanctioned entities (from specific governments)

> * The bus factor is limitating (the whole project fall apart if one just person gets hit by a bus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The bus factor is limitating (the whole project fall apart if those number of persons get hit by a bus)
```
Can be > 1 :smile_cat:

Author: yeah but usually it's just one but the point is true

> * Proprietary software are built with a 70% of OSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Proprietary software are built with 70% of OSS
```
